chivalry medieval warfare is wonderful
in every sense of the game its action
unfolds a fictional universe
extremely similar to Europe period
middle ages here in endless war
two factions faced the masonic order
and knights agate
medieval warfare ideological successor
each of chivalry
modifications on the source engine which
complements and develops the ideas of the original
version of the first legacy game
got a genre that can
characterize as a dynamic ruby
will take away the faces in nodded whether you can take
under the control of a fighter of one of
four classes of archer
light infantry heavy fighter or
Knight each class has its own
unique weapons for example main
nutcracker archer
it is not difficult to guess
remote weapon bows and crossbows
but for melee he can only
relatively weak dagger at that time
how knights act in hand weapons
or one-handed on paired with a shield
The arsenal in the game is quite diverse
and presented with various piercing chopping
and cutting weapons and each
piece of iron has its own characteristics so
a hammer with a hammer you crush without any problems
the enemy skull and with a spear just do not
let him to yourself worth noting that
each class has its own special
opportunities archer deals an extra 50
percent damage from back easy
infantryman can dodge attacks
also using your mobility apply
quick surprise hit
vanguard he's a guard he's a heavy fighter
you can sprint and those who give
the ability to break into lightning camp
the enemy and the knight is like a real tank
absorbing extra damage and wasting
less stamina to block so
and before endurance is another important
a parameter that is on par with health
affects combat survival
character controlled by the player gets tired of
any types of motor activity
besides the usual running attack blocks with the prince
cheating and kicking blows it all requires
endurance stock
how to use it
various weapons will help you
excellent combat system in the game
There are three main types of beats.
stabbing cutting and chopping
as well as such specific techniques as
kicks kicking shields combo strikes at
combining different types of attack blocks and
finally snag just mastered this
difficult boevki using all the tricks in
different combinations of you can be
call a worthy opponent on the field
battle
you can use your skills on a big
the number of all sorts of cards in this list
desert cities also enter
giant castles and wooded plains 3
anril engine produces high quality and
unobtrusive picture in the game is presented
several game modes firstly it
standard dice match itimdiz match where
the main task is just waving
arms right and left
here can be attributed duel mode in
second you can take part in the battle of two
teams without the possibility of rebirth in
round time well and in the third player can
participate in team execution
goals in this mode can be played for
defender
or attacking side for example attack
padlock or defense here's attack defenses
peasants killing the king and things like that
also in this type of game available
unique killing tools
opponents for example ballista and
catapult
on some cards you can also
use wounds
burn the houses of the peasants pick their
torches and deal with other similar
things and finally the game is still available
one mode king of the hill
where players must hold the point
protecting her from the advancing enemy forces
interacts with his fellows on
the team are you just bullying enemies in
the game is assisted by a voice command system
true for this not bad at least
intermediate proficiency in english authors
Game thoroughly approached the voice acting and
so all aesthetes can enjoy
shouting out orders with a roar
attack comrades and agony choking
blood opponents engage and team
torn banner studios also worked on
fame in the game is very well implemented
system conflicts and the spread of weapons in
different parts of the body more simply you
get exactly where they beat even
if you touch the enemy with the tip of your weapon
hits will still be counted in
The game has a typical damage system.
least damage passes by
feet most on the head but it is still
not all from falling into different parts
bodies these same body parts will be relish
cut off is crushed and fly off allowing
players to fully enjoy the process
medieval massacre
The plot in medieval warfare is missing
almost all comes down to banal
sharing power between knights and order
and much is not necessary for the network game
most it is also worth noting that
developers actively complements and
develops the game with each new patch they
patch holes and add new content
chivalry medieval warfare to suit everyone
lovers of medieval battles and and plus
and of course you need to write
awesome variety of weapons
the atmosphere does not sing including
a decapitated mountain deprived
limbs of corpses savory sounds of blows
and the cries of dying enemies so if you
just want to relax and get
aesthetic pleasure from contemplation
massacre this game is for you